lib: at_monitor: introduce AT_MONITOR_ISR (#6402)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/libraries/modem/at_monitor.rst

		printf("Received +CEREG notification: %s", notif);
	}

> The size of the AT monitor library heap can be configured using the :kconfig:`AT_MONITOR_HEAP_SIZE` option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The size of the AT monitor library heap can be configured using the :kconfig:`CONFIG_AT_MONITOR_HEAP_SIZE` option.
```

Direct dispatching
******************

> The AT monitor library supports defining a particular type of monitor which receives the AT notifications in a interrupt service routine.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The AT monitor library supports defining a particular type of monitor which receives the AT notifications in an interrupt service routine.
```

> The AT monitor library supports defining a particular type of monitor which receives the AT notifications in a interrupt service routine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The AT monitor library supports defining a particular type of monitor that receives the AT notifications in an interrupt service routine.
```

> Because notifications dispatched to AT monitors in a ISR are not copied onto the AT monitor library heap, this gives a guarantee to the application that there won't be a situation where the library is out of memory to copy the notification.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Because notifications dispatched to AT monitors in an ISR are not copied onto the AT monitor library heap, this gives a guarantee to the application that there won't be a situation where the library is out of memory to copy the notification.
```

> Because notifications dispatched to AT monitors in a ISR are not copied onto the AT monitor library heap, this gives a guarantee to the application that there won't be a situation where the library is out of memory to copy the notification.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because notifications dispatched to AT monitors in an ISR are not copied onto the AT monitor library heap, the application is guaranteed that the library will not be out of memory to copy the notification.
```
